Inspirational music playing in background...
- Hi Gladys and Bob, wow aren’t these flowers spectacular!
I’m glad you’ve been enjoying the garden Gladys,
thank you for sharing with all of us!
- When responding to consumer behaviour, it’s important we treat the
cause of the behaviour rather than the behaviour itself.
Before we consider the use of restrictive practice we must first
exhaust all alternative strategies.
Remember the importance of:
person-centred care and consultation when planning the use of care strategies
documenting the use of strategies, and their effectiveness
monitoring and reassessing the consumer’s behaviour as required.
Links for further resources can be found below.